Edge auto register (#1129)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/01.8-installer-image.md

    + '[' -f user-data ']'
    + docker build --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=gcr.io/spectro-dev-public/stylus-installer:v2.0.0-alpha11 -t gcr.io/spectro-dev-public/stylus-custom:v2.0.0-alpha11 --platform linux/amd64 -f images/Dockerfile.installer ./
    [+] Building 7.9s (7/7) FINISHED
    => [internal] load build definition from Dockerfile.installer                                                                                                     0.0s
    ...
    ...
    INFO[2023-02-15T22:08:06Z] Creating squashfs...
    DEBU[2023-02-15T22:08:06Z] Running cmd: 'mksquashfs /tmp/elemental-iso972415663/rootfs /tmp/elemental-iso972415663/iso/rootfs.squashfs -b 1024k -comp xz -Xbcj x86'
    ISO image produced: 161394 sectors
    Written to medium : 161424 sectors at LBA 48
    Writing to '/cOS/p6os-custom.iso' completed successfully
    ```

6. The ISO file can be found in the root directory. Mount the ISO using a bootable USB drive, PXE server, or any other means to the bare metal appliances' primary drive. The installer will be flashed to the edge host hard disk, and the host will be shut down. The bare-metal edge host appliance is ready to be shipped to the edge location.

<InfoBox>

> You can use several software tools to create a bootable USB drive, such as [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher). For PXE server, there are open-source projects such as [Fog](https://fogproject.org/download) or [Windows Deployment Services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/wds-boot-support) for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use several software tools to create a bootable USB drive, such as [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher). For a PXE server, there are open-source projects such as [Fog](https://fogproject.org/download) or [Windows Deployment Services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/wds-boot-support) for Windows.
```

</InfoBox>

> To deploy the device and register the device with Palette, refer to the [Register and Manage Edge Native Clusters](/clusters/edge/native) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the device and register it with Palette, refer to the [Register and Manage Edge Native Clusters](/clusters/edge/native) guide.
```

## Validation

You can validate that the ISO image is not corrupted by attempting to flash a bootable device. Most software that creates a bootable device will validate the ISO image before the flash process. 

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="VMware" key="vmware">

## VMware

Create an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) file from the base Palette Edge Installer ISO for VMware environments by injecting customized settings (user data) through a secondary drive. 

## Prerequisites

* mkisofs, or genisoimage, or similar ISO management software.

* cdrtools or [wodim](https://cygwin.com/packages/summary/wodim.html) for Windows

* Access to vSphere.

## Create OVA Image

1. Create a file called **user-data**. 

  ```shell
  touch user-data
  ```

> 2. Use the content from the template in the [Setup Device section](/clusters/edge/native#setupdevice) to add your site configuration. Make the necessary changes for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the content from the template in the [Set up Device section](/clusters/edge/native#setupdevice) to add your site configuration. Make the necessary changes for your environment.
```

2. Create an empty **meta-data** file:

  ```
  touch meta-data
  ```

3. Create a cloud init ISO using the following command.

  MacOS/Linux:
  ```
  mkisofs -output ci.iso -volid cidata -joliet -rock user-data meta-data
  ```

  Windows:
  ```
  genisoimage -output ci.iso -volid cidata -joliet -rock user-data meta-data
  ```

> This will generate an ISO file called ci.iso in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates an ISO file called ci.iso in the current directory.
```

4. Upload the **ci.iso** file generated in the previous step to a datastore in vSphere using the vCenter console.

5. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

6. Navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**. 

> 7. Click on the **Edge Hosts** tab. 

Reviewer: Karl, try combining this with the next step, as shown in line 199.

The optimum number of steps in a procedure is 7. Sometimes, you need more, but these steps combine well to reduce the number of overall steps.

> 8. Click on **Download Palette Edge Installer**. This will download the default Palette Edge Installer image (ISO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the **Edge Hosts** tab, click **Download Palette Edge Installer**. This downloads the default Palette Edge Installer image (ISO).
```

9. Upload Palette Edge Installer ISO to a datastore in vSphere using the vCenter console.

10. Create a new VM using the vCenter console. Add two CD drives to this VM and select the Palette Edge installer ISO for one of them and the **ci.iso** file for the other.

> 11. Select other settings, such as Network, Datastore, Folder, etc., as appropriate for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Select other settings, such as Network, Datastore, or Folder as appropriate for your environment.
```

12. Power on the VM.

> 

Reviewer: Let's try combining steps 12 and 13.

> 13. Monitor the VM console for log messages. The installer and user data will be copied to the hard disk, and the VM will shut down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Power on the VM and monitor the VM console for log messages. The installer and user data will be copied to the hard disk, and the VM will shut down.
```

14. Power off the VM

> 15. Edit the VM settings and delete the two CD drives previously attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Edit the VM settings and delete the two CD drives that were previously attached.
```

16. Export the VM as an OVF template.

The OVA file is ready to ship to various edge locations for installation.

## Validation

> You can validate the OVA file by using the [ovftool](https://developer.vmware.com/web/tool/4.4.0/ovf) tool provided VMware. To validate an OVA file using ovftool, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can validate the OVA file by using the [ovftool](https://developer.vmware.com/web/tool/4.4.0/ovf) tool provided by VMware. To validate an OVA file using ovftool, follow these steps:
```
